Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Chinese new year is now
celebrated throughout the world,
and we're about to witness
a spring festival carnival parade
at London's trafalgar square.
There's so much festivities in the air!
He's finally slithered out of his cave.
Bold move for a coward.
Where have you been?
You're late!
Happy new year!
What are these?
Presents!
Showing up late with just these?
You've got some nerve!
There are more.
Wait, I can't manage.
Where's mine?
The one I just juggled.
If it's smashed, keep it.
I'll put it in storage.
Get in!
We're here!
Give me a hand.
- Here's lei!
- Uncle,
- I wish you the best of luck and health.
- Thank you so much!
Same to you.
Happy new year!
So many presents!
Jiahua!
Give me a hug!
Godfather!
This young man
works with my son-in-law.
He's super capable
and a decent man, too.
Moreover,
he is unattached!
A smooch...
Give godfather a kiss!
A call from my daughter!
Hi, dad!
Happy new year!
Happy new year to you, too.
How's your sore throat?
I'm good.
I heeded your advice,
and quit smoking.
Where are you?
I'm in Africa!
Let me show you...
Africa?
Can you see?
You have to stay alert.
Is your boyfriend with you?
I don't have one.
Fareeda,
meiwei is here, have a chat with her.
- Fareeda, happy new year!
- Dad.
- Dad, I'm losing you...
- Meiwei here...
Hello?
I don't have a signal.
Fareeda...
Hello?
Juma, let's go!
Okay.
Poor connection.
Yes, as always,
whenever I want to start a conversation.
She's avoiding me.
No way!
Don't over-react.
Get out!
Come on, now!
Move!
Sir,
the qin couple has been kidnapped.
Did you call the police?
Just called them.
There's a Chinese new year parade.
There are thousands of revellers,
all roads are blocked.
The police will take time to respond.
Where is qin?
On the move
but still in Chinatown.
Are therevanguards in the area?
Two off-dutyvanguards nearby.
Send them to rescue qin guoli right away.
Yes, sir!
One.
Two.
Three.
Amazing!
See what godfather has brought you?
Godfather, who is that?
Captain China!
He looks just like your dad.
Captain China is my dad!
Yes.
Dear boy, give daddy a kiss.
Our vip clients are kidnapped.
Emergency deployment requested.
About 400m from your current location.
Stay alert!
Copy that!
Mom, we need to go.
Let's go.
What's the hurry?
It's work.
Jiahua, keep your aunt amused.
There!
Sit down!
Good afternoon, mr qin.
Who are you people?
You betrayed Omar's father's location
to the Americans, didn't you?
No, I didn't know where his father was.
Omar's...
Still alive?
The money!
Omar's father's money,
do you have it?
No,
I don't know.
Is he your husband?
Yes...
Please, don't hurt my wife.
Honey - no, please
let me explain.
She has nothing to do with this!
Honey...
Do you know what it's
like to lose your loved ones?
Mr qin!
The money!
Tell me!
We're in position.
Brought your gun?
No, it's my day off.
What about you?
Of course!
It's with them.
Cover me.
Sir, we are closed.
Closed?
Yes.
I'm the boss!
Hey! Stop!
I'm his brother.
I don't care.
He's unarmed.
Let's split up.
Kill her!
No, no!
Please...
I know where the money is.
Good.
Hand over the money to me
and I won't hurt you
or your wife.
Hi.
We're closed today.
Your puppy needs you.
Run!
Come with me!
Get her!
Run!
Go inside.
C'mon.
Go.
Take cover.
Kaixuan, where are you?
I'm frying a pig's knuckle!
He's just security.
Hand over qin guoli to me
and I will let you leave.
It's just a job,
why risk your life over it?
They don't pay enough
for you to work this hard.
Who are you?
Jump!
I'm fromvanguard!
Don't shoot.
We need him alive.
Go!
Let's go.
Miya, where are you?
I'm 30 seconds away.
Come...
This way!
Hurry...
C'mon.
Get in,
quick!
Don't shoot!
He's hurt.
You alright?
I'm okay.
The gang that captured qin
are from the arctic wolves.
Their leader is broto.
They'll do anything for money.
Why are they after you?
I had a business partner called maasym.
I made him a fortune
by selling oil
and artefacts in Europe.
I only found out later
he ran the gang brotherhood of vengeance.
I tried to quit but it was too late.
Maasym forced me
to arrange funds for him
to buy weapons of mass destruction,
or he would kill me
and my family.
Later,
I tipped off the London police
about him.
Maasym was killed in a military operation.
His eldest son Omar survived.
So Omar sent the arctic wolves?
Yes.
If they can't get me,
they'll go after my daughter.
Can you send someone
to bring her back?
Where's she now?
Africa.
I'll see to it.
Thank you.
Boss, broto.
Taken away by who?
They call themselves vanguard.
What'svanguard?
Vanguard is an international
private security company
most of them are retired military
or security experts.
Their services include
security for shipping, and vip protection.
Enough!
Qin has a daughter.
Bring her to me
and he will scurry out of whatever hole
he's crawled into, okay?
Yes, sir!
Sir,
the intel from qin
has been verified by the London police.
Good.
The girl went alone to
protect African wildlife
and risked her life recording poachers.
She's brave.
Among wildlife conservationists,
she's an activist.
In Africa,
30,000 elephants
are slaughtered by hunters every year.
I have great respect for her.
Just look at her video,
uploaded an hour ago,
now we have more adversaries.
We must find her quickly.
We have reason to believe that
the volunteers were
victims of a group of poachers
led by a man named tunda.
Murderous scum like him
should be locked up!
I want her dead!
Tunda!
How's it going, my friend?
Good to see you.
Look at you, superstar!
400,000 clicks in one hour.
Not bad, my brother.
Shut up!
This girl,
I'm gonna find her
and kill her.
We're looking for her, too.
Come on, let me introduce you to my boss.
Hey, boss, this is tunda,
the best hunter in all of Africa.
Can you find the girl?
She said the kill count was 1197?
Once I get to her,
I'm going to make it an even 120!
You hunt animals, I hunt people.
The only difference is,
I got my trophy taken alive.
Here's your deposit for now.
You'll get the big bucks
once you complete the hunt.
Let's go hunting!
Yeah! Go hunting! Let's go!
Yeah! Yeah! Go hunting!
Charlie, come. Charlie, come on!
There she is.
Juma, who are they?
I don't know.
Are you fareeda?
Yes.
There are lions here.
Back off.
Charlie, stay.
Gosh,
they're real lions!
Stay! Stay!
Lei, stay calm!
Stand your ground!
Your father sent us
to come and fetch you.
They're here to kidnap you!
Come over now!
Lei, go get her!
Charlie, back.
Sir,
lions on the loose!
What are you afraid of?
It's a male.
There's also a lioness.
Stay!
She's over there.
Get the guns!
Yes, sir.
Follow me.
There!
Kill them all except fareeda.
Damn you!
Vanguard again!
Stay with me.
Get the girl, now!
This girl, she's gonna
get what she deserves.
What are you doing? We need her alive.
What?
I'll cover you. Go get her!
Whatever...
Get in!
Get out! Come on!
Charlie!
Help me!
Charlie... Charlie!
Come here!
Charlie! Help me!
Charlie, over here!
Who's Charlie?
Tell him to hurry.
Leave with her now.
Get in.
C'm on!
Tunda, come help!
Hurry!
Help me!
Charlie!
Charlie, don't...
Charlie, go away!
Charlie!
Let go!
He's ignoring me.
Don't move!
Hold still!
Why is no one listening?
Don't run!
Lie down and play dead!
I am dead
what?
Come on, let's go.
Get in!
Go go! Come on!
Go, go, go!
Quick!
Keep going! Don't let my trophy get away!
No, no.
You let her get away!
The best hunter in Africa? My ass!
You can't even hunt down a woman.
I'm the best because I have Patience.
Even hyenas understand
the cost of Patience.
They wait hours, even days,
before they get their prey.
I didn't pay for you to
preach about hyenas.
She just got lucky.
Bring her to me,
or you'll become my prey.
Now,
what's up ahead?
It's just a jungle.
Follow me.
What do you use the gun for?
Elephants.
Juma, are you okay?
What about you?
I'll manage...
Yuanxu,
what's the status?
We've located lei
20km away in the jungle,
moving towards the southwest.
Vehicles can't pass through
a primeval forest.
Go on foot,
and be careful!
Miya, take them to the hospital.
Ok - be careful
sir!
You should be taking them to hospital.
What are you doing here?
Jonathan can drive.
I'll go with you.
Come on, then.
Calling London hq,
please come in.
Roger that.
We've located lei.
The coordinates show
he and fareeda are in an avian observatory.
His vital signs are normal.
Copy that.
Keep moving.
We need to get there before daybreak.
Awake?
What kind of bird is that?
Take a look.
Okay.
Bird of paradise!
These birds
spend their lives searching
for happiness and freedom.
When they meet their own kind,
they dance for each other.
Tribal people used their feathers
to decorate themselves.
They're prized in Europe
in the 19th century.
But because of
excessive hunting,
they're so rare now.
You hang out with lions,
and exotic birds.
You're a carefree spirit,
a romantic at heart,
in pursuit of your dreams.
You must be a Virgo.
I think you're a Virgo.
How could you tell?
Are you really?
Faster, faster!
Right behind the big tree!
Let's go! Let's go!
Let's get out of here.
Sure.
Go straight. They're 100m ahead.
Don't let them get away!
Two unidentified vehicles
are heading for lei.
They're three minutes away.
Ok.
Got it.
Go, attack!
Got 'em all, sir.
Let's go.
Once more.
Hop in, sir!
Move over,
let me...
They're coming!
- Hurry!
- Move!
Ok.
Hurry!
Hurry up, hurry!
Hold on tight!
Broto!
Jet ski, surround them now.
She did get lucky last time.
This won't happen again.
No bullets, I want her taken alive.
Go!
Go, get them!
Go, go, go!
Faster!
Closer!
Go!
Virgo, help me!
Chopstick!
Fareeda - get closer!
Go! Go!
Fareeda!
Virgo...
Help!
Hang in there, Miya!
Go!
Get away!
Get away! Get off me!
No!
Help me, sir!
Help!
Miya!
We're done for.
Brace yourself,
jump!
Here!
Over here!
What are you yelling for?
They can't hear you!
Over here! We're here!
Qin guoli has assets
belonging to the brotherhood of vengeance.
You say vanguard leaves no man behind.
So listen to me carefully.
Deliver qin guoli to us
and I'll let your man go.
If you fail to make this exchange,
they'll be beheaded.
I volunteer myself
for the release of my daughter
and your colleague.
No, you mustn't.
It's dangerous.
There must be another way.
I'll be fine,
trust me.
May I have a word in private?
Of course.
Give us a minute.
I'll be fine.
What are you hiding?
I'm the only one who knows
where maasym's assets are.
I must settle the score with Omar.
Mr tang,
if they use this money
to buy more weapons,
many lives will be at stake.
Protecting the innocents
is our Paramount duty.
Thank you.
Greed...
Is the root of all evils.
One, two, three, four...
- Hi, jiahua.
- Five, six, seven,
eight, nine.
Dad, this is for you.
My dear boy!
What brings you here?
He wants to give you a present.
Present? What for?
Because I wanted to.
It's your birthday today!
Daddy is so absent-minded!
We're still waiting for the support...
Hold on just one sec...
Okay.
Let's go.
Who's that?
That's daddy.
- Daddy?
- To him, you are captain China.
- Really?
- What did we discuss?
What about captain China?
He's mightier than captain America!
He's awesome!
Give me five!
But he's much stronger than me.
Daddy's the strongest!
Now give daddy a kiss.
Happy birthday to you,
happy birthday to you!
Happy birthday to kaixuan,
happy birthday to you.
Thank you, sir. Thanks everyone.
I'll make a wish,
for lei's safe return.
Daddy's awesome!
Please share the cake.
Okay.
Here, a baby panda for you!
Take it.
Take it. And say: Thank you, sir.
Thank you, sir.
Just call me bro!
Bro!
Right.
Call her auntie.
Say auntie.
Who are you calling auntie?
Sis would do.
Sis!
Good boy.
Okay, let's go out with sis,
and let daddy get back to work
go play with auntie.
Stop misleading children!
Lei has been withvanguard
for five years?
Five years, three months and 28 days, sir.
This operation is challenging.
Since you're still recuperating,
why don't you stay behind as back-up?
Sir, don't worry, I'm fine.
Your boy drew this?
Yes.
Quite frankly,
I'm not sure how this would turn out.
Jiahua has already lost his mom.
You should stay to look after him.
You are now our ceo,
you don't have to go.
I've a duty to bring my team back.
Fine,
then let's go together.
Linda,
I think we should
order some of these.
Gorgeous.
Gorgeous!
Really?
For you.
Thank you.
Jiadebala population is 50,000 citizens.
2,000 of them are Omar's fighters.
They use the area as a training ground.
Due to the rugged terrain,
the government couldn't take it back.
We need more intel before we go in.
Do we have anyone on the ground?
Yes, we have a source.
He's on it.
Good.
We are entering uncharted territories,
we'll be up against extreme dangers.
You are the best of the best,
virtuous and trustworthy,
loyal and reliable.
For our obligations,
for our comrades-in-arms,
we must overcome all odds!
We have to return
triumphantly!
In triumph!
We will return victorious!
Victorious!
Let's go!
Move!
Jiadebala dates back a thousand years.
It's home to many priceless relics.
When the brotherhood captured the city,
they sold off artefacts, smuggled drugs
and made a fortune.
The locals have become their hostages.
If government forces were to attack,
the city can be destroyed overnight.
Can we trust kalasu's friend?
Will he help us?
Abati is the best chef around.
His only son was shot dead
by drug gangs.
This is the hostage fareeda.
Lei is one of ours.
We cannot leave them behind.
You know what it's like
to wanna save someone you care about.
I can help you and your family
start a new life somewhere else.
I just need your help
to get us inside the fortress.
I can only transport her.
Rest of the team
have to take the unguarded route.
Why are there no guards?
It's rough.
How are you gonna escape?
We've a plan,
but we need your help.
Open up, Mohammed.
This is abati.
This is the closest
I can get you to the fortress.
I have to go now.
Mohammed is my man.
He'll take care of you.
Okay.
Come.
This special war paint
will save me from getting killed
by friendly fire.
These two bulletproof vehicles
are specially modified for Omar,
just like armoured cars.
Will they really kill us?
I don't want to die so young.
Show me your right palm.
Don't worry,
you'll survive.
Why?
You have a long life line.
What's this?
Don't worry, vanguard will come for us.
But how?
I have good news for you.
Your father is on his way,
and your boss, too.
Get him out.
What do you want?
Where are you taking him?
We're destined to cross paths again.
First you snatched someone from our grasp.
This time I have you captured.
Not many can get even with us.
My boss sees something special in you.
Work with us,
you'll earn more in a year
than a lifetime.
We are different.
We both risk lives for money.
What's so different?
Be content, know your weaknesses.
Things you do,
things you don't.
What are you talking about?
I don't understand.
Never indulge in desire.
Know yourself.
Know what you should do,
know what you shouldn't do.
You've learned our tongue,
but not our ethics.
Boss, he says that...
Big mistake.
Take him away.
They're strapping a bomb vest on lei,
with a timer.
Vanguard has promised to bring qin
in exchange for the hostages.
But I wouldn't trust them.
They will attempt a rescue.
In the millennia since
our fortress was built,
there's never been a breach.
Our warriors have been
trained since boyhood.
We should still take precaution.
Step up security
and shoot on sight.
Boss.
What's the plan?
The deal is still on.
Did you prepare the money?
Yes.
Time and location of exchange?
I will let you know.
- Good evening, brothers.
- Good evening.
- Come try some snacks.
- Thank you.
Got to go.
Go!
Holy shit!
Even wearing my mask,
this place reeks like hell!
I can't stand it anymore.
Keep moving!
The masks are no match for the smells.
Too stinky.
At twelve o'clock,
four gunmen
are heading north.
At three o'clock,
one armed man is standing guard.
All clear on the south side.
You do your usual beat.
We're in.
Everything's normal.
Split up as planned.
Copy that.
Laila, she stays with you tonight.
Okay.
I'll bring you to Omar's compound tomorrow.
Please turn off the light.
Yes.
Explosive all set
go!
We've located lei on the rooftop.
There are two snipers
lurking at twelve o'clock.
They are here.
Let's shoot some Chinese ducks.
I'm in position.
You'd better leave now.
Okay.
Dad, dad...
Don't move!
Dad...
I'm the head of vanguard.
Let's make the exchange.
You speak with the conviction
and impatience of a man in charge,
but you're not in charge here!
Mr qin, have you brought
me what I asked for?
Come on, give it to me.
Target is in the trap,
we'll finish them.
What is this bullshit?
That's the list of
your father's assets I managed.
He converted most of them into gold
but hid it away in a secure place.
I can take you there.
Honour your promise,
release fareeda and lei.
Not until I have the assets.
I heardvanguard never leaves anyone behind.
I'd like to test that theory.
I would say my goodbyes quickly.
Mr qin,
your daughter's time is up!
No, stop!
- No, please.
- Cut her head down!
What's going on?
Stop!
Look at your chest.
Drop the gun,
tell everybody drop their guns!
Nobody gets hurt.
Everybody drop your guns.
I'm standing on bouncing mines!
Block all the gates!
Hit the deck!
Kaixuan, we've no time!
Let's deal with the vest first.
Don't worry about me, just go!
Cut the bullshit!
They're so sneaky.
Whichever wire I cut will set it off.
Just leave.
I can deactivate the bomb
by freezing the battery.
Now the bouncing mines!
Kaixuan, there's nothing you can do.
You have a son. You need to stay alive.
Just go! Run!
Take your feet off,
the mines will bounce
up and explode mid-air,
decimating everything within 14 metres.
Jianping, behind you!
Yanlong!
You go first.
Okay.
On my count of three,
jump!
One,
two,
three,
jump!
Let's go.
Over there!
Shoot him down!
Go help fareeda!
Go!
Stay with me.
I can't be shot.
Me neither!
They're over here!
Here.
Go!
Move!
Don't move.
Catch it.
Pull out!
Come...
We need everyone!
On the double!
Omar needs help!
Mohammed, come with me.
Block all the exits!
Hold your positions
and lock the gate!
What are you doing?
Get off!
Are you alright?
I'm fine.
Let's go.
Abati and Mohammed are just blocks away
on their way to pick you up.
This way,
quick!
Yanlong, cover me.
Copy!
Go!
Move!
Take this.
Move him!
Hang in there!
Let's go!
Zhou, pull out!
Go.
Get in, quick!
Get in.
Pull out, I'll cover!
Copy!
Get in, quick!
Go, go, go...
Go!
Rpg!
Kaixuan!
I can't detect kaixuan's vital signs.
His vital signs are gone!
Go, come on.
They're closing in.
We need to go now or be trapped.
I'll find kaixuan and bring him back.
Sure, be safe!
Cover him!
Yes, sir!
Yanlong,
are you alright?
- I'm okay.
- Let's go.
Kaixuan!
Hurry up.
Hang in there, bro!
Pull out!
Go now or it'll be too late!
Go, let's go!
They just want me!
Qin!
You all leave!
Come back!
Dad!
Go back!
- You come back!
- Stop, stop!
Come back!
Take my daughter out of here! Quick!
Remember our deal.
Dad, don't...
Dad.
Dad!
Get in.
Quick - come on
Nobody shoots!
Hang in there!
Buddy, don't die on me.
Stay alive!
Kaixuan, wake up!
Remember your son jiahua.
You said you'd be his hero.
You promised!
Wake up now!
C'm on!
Kaixuan, wake up.
Wake up, you hear me?
Hold tight! Take cover!
Hold tight!
Stop, dear...
Thanks to my rollercoaster ride!
Did you just kiss me?
I'm all yours now!
My son gave me this.
Our son is the best!
Relax, your father will be fine.
They need him alive.
I know where to find them.
Tracking device.
I don't like torture
as much as I don't like bullshit.
Did you betray my father?
No.
Where is the gold?
Dubai.
I'll take you there.
Don't hurt me.
Omar's father paid a deposit
on weapons of mass destruction.
But he was killed before
the deal went through.
They have more than
$200m stowed somewhere in Dubai
we'll have to catch them
in the act of making the deal.
Based on your intel information
of the arctic wolves,
we found information on
every arctic wolves mercenary.
Two of them entered Dubai this morning,
and they are under our surveillance.
We cannot confirm if they are
connected with the kidnapping of qin
or the arms deal.
Sir,
can we carry firearms?
No,
you will be only assisting
and consulting with the investigation.
All field operations here
are going to be carried out
by our police force.
You understand Chinese?
I can understand,
though I don't speak much.
My wife is Chinese.
Chinese!
Must be beautiful.
Absolutely.
This is marder.
He's a serial womaniser.
Loves dating models and
small-time actresses.
He has a violent temper.
Arrested last year
for beating up a girlfriend.
A typical scumbag!
I'll see you at the pool this afternoon.
Best if we can hack his phones
and credit cards.
Then we can find out more.
No problem.
But they are careful and alert,
hard to infiltrate.
How about a honeytrap?
Brilliant!
Why are you staring at me?
Didn't you always say I'm one of the boys?
I can't wait to beat up
that scumbag!
Forget honeytrap,
not me!
Kaixuan,
how about you?
Not taking any chances huh?
Change the pose.
Great, a little more.
Good. Stroke your hair.
Good. Nice posture.
A little more, great!
Not a bad conference room for the day.
I'm with you on that.
Wonderful!
Turn around...
Great!
Sweet!
Great pose! Hold it right there...
Very good, the lighting is beautiful.
Let's take a few more photos
the merchandise must be
delivered to Dubai in two days.
Can you guarantee
its safe passage into the port?
Yes!
Our goods doesn't even
have to enter the port.
It can be controlled remotely.
But you've delayed it for one year.
So if you want to finish the deal,
it's still $200m.
Only cash.
You'll get what you pay for.
I'll get back to you shortly.
Sure.
We are almost done here.
Let's shoot some more at the beach.
Darling, let's get changed first.
How's it going?
He works for Josef,
a major arms dealer in the middle east.
Let's find ways to hack their phones.
What's happening?
I believe the three asians
have been taking pictures of you.
Darling,
we need to hurry to catch the light.
Sure.
Hi, good day!
To the beach now. Light's fading.
So much for your honeytrap!
Dressing up like this
and he still ignores me.
Don't you think she's beautiful?
Of course.
So gorgeous I can't even bear to look!
Keep walking.
He's watching us from the balcony.
Good
who are they?
They are still taking
pictures on the beach.
So?
I think they are clean.
You just kill my chances.
I could have got lucky tonight.
I'm sorry.
I have to be careful.
Let's do it one more time.
Good, keep on,
let your dress flutters.
Got it.
See, aren't they great?
All is not lost.
Korean?
I'm Chinese.
Chinese!
Beautiful pictures.
Thanks.
Can I take your wechat?
Hello...
I am her agent. Can I help you?
A middle-eastern
swimwear brand I invested in...
To copy, just place your phone next to his.
I think it could be very fit for her.
You can add my wechat.
You can scan me.
Sure...
Got you.
I'll be in touch.
Nice jacket.
Thanks.
Come
how did it go?
A copy is made.
The aircraft carrier USS John c. Stennis
arrives today at port rashid
for a four-day visit of Dubai
in the United Arab Emirates.
Live from the aircraft carrier,
captain Greg dawes.
They want $200m.
It has to be in cash.
I'll pay in gold.
An eye for an eye, mr dawes!
The weather is clear.
There are only seagulls, no falcons.
It's safe.
We've taken care of the
police surveillance.
We'll see every move they make.
Tell them the exchange location.
We pay on delivery.
It's dad!
Turn on the sound,
monitor marder's phone.
Sir, the location is
a second-hand car dealership.
Send a team there at once.
Yes, sir!
Watch him.
They are on their way.
How much is this?
About 2.2m dirham.
That's about rmb 4m.
This special edition
costs rmb 10m in China.
It's a bargain!
I'll take one.
Okay, they're coming.
They're here.
Get SWAT in position.
Move it.
Where's the gold?
Boss, they're here.
Finally we meet.
Good timing.
Watching from the sideline,
a real bummer!
Not for long...
Each gold car
is worth over one hundred million dollars.
The windows, the tires,
are all bullet-proof.
You may pick two cars.
Consider the extra money a gratuity.
I love them!
But how do I get them out of Dubai?
It shouldn't be a problem.
This car has foil on it.
It's gold underneath.
Choose any colour,
put a license plate on,
and you're good to go.
I have my present,
here's yours.
It will take down anything within 20km.
This is called flash mob.
The aircraft carrier is docked
which makes it vulnerable to attack.
Its automated system is so fast,
by the time you launch,
it's too late for them to respond.
That's why our machine is so expensive.
How do I operate it?
Easy!
It's like a game controller.
Activate,
lock in the target there,
then press launch.
There.
The us army was responsible for the bombing
that killed maasym
and the rest of Omar's family.
The USS John c. Stennis
is currently in Dubai.
Captain Greg dawes was the commander
of the search and destroy operation.
There is no surprise Omar wants revenge.
Go tell the us military immediately.
Yes, sir!
You said you'd let me go.
I lied.
Just like you lied to my father.
I know you betrayed him,
and I'm making sure
you get what you deserve.
Lei, take her to the police hq.
All units standby!
Fareeda, it's dangerous.
All the way,
from Africa to the middle east,
as long as you were by my side,
I came through everything unscathed.
Please come with me.
I have a duty to protect you!
Isn't it your duty
to protect my father as well?
I can't lose my father.
Unless you knock me out with tranquilliser,
I won't go with you.
Alright, gentlemen, this is not a drill.
What's the status?
We have a possible hostile attack.
Turn around - go back
go, go, go - that way
grab your weapons!
This is the hostage we need to save.
Move!
Let's go!
Hostage's in the gold Hummer.
Come with me.
You both have your own gears.
What about me?
You've got this truck.
See you later.
Hey! Stop!
Don't move!
Freeze!
Turn around!
Hands behind your head!
Warning red, weapons tight,
and prepare f35!
Unknown airborne object
has been detected, 2-3-2,
approximately 16,000 yards.
What the hell is that?
Firel
two, one, firing!
She's on my team.
I teach her.
Don't move!
Condor!
How many people have you trained?
Many, many...
Go, go, go!
Out of the way!
Move, move!
Secure the exit!
What have we just missed?
Watch out, watch out!
Sit down!
Stay back, stay back.
C'mon, get up, get up!
Don't move!
Back off! I say back off now!
Back off!
Get down! I say get down!
Get down!
We need backup.
- There!
- Gol!
- Stay here.
- Be careful.
- Stay down!
- Move!
Go somewhere safe.
Come on!
Wait,
stairs are over there!
- That's great!
- Come, come.
Stay where you are.
Come
move - get down! Don't move!
- Get away!
- Move!
Move!
- Get off! Get off!
- Get away!
- Move!
Don't move. Nobody moves!
Get down, don't move...
Nobody...
Why did you shoot yourself?
Hands up!
Hands in the air!
Where's Omar?
Down there.
- Dad!
- Fareeda!
How did he get down there?
I don't know!
Hands up!
Drop the gun!
Wait, he's one of us.
You can go!
Thank you for your cooperation.
Peace be upon you!
It's all over now.
An update on the attack yesterday in Dubai.
The police have officially
reported 15 injuries,
no casualties.
Two f/a-18 and one f35 were destroyed.
It is all because the Dubai police provided
accurate intels to the us military.
All related to the attack
have been arrested by the Dubai police.
And in addition the police
have retrieved seven gold cars
worth more than 800 million dollars!
Good evening!
Good evening, mr tang.
How are you?
Let me introduce my wife.
Mrs hattawi.
Mr tang, nice to meet you.
Your wife is just so...
Beautiful.
Elegant too!
I heard from my husband
that thanks tovanguard
for their timely and vital info,
damages were kept to a minimal.
The way that
your husband has led the Dubai police
was a real eye-opener for us.
I am the one actually
impressed by your amazing team!
All in the line of duty!
Hey, guys,
well done!
- How do you do?
- Thank you, vanguard
don't you have something for her?
How did you know, sir?
Nothing escapes me!
Go on.
Get out of here!
What have you got for me?
Wait.
Great!
That's amazing!
Mission accomplished.
Hope you liked it.
Yes, I love it.
Thank you.
Don't thank us,
thank the bees!
Look!
Chinese new year!
Lantern festival!
Let's take a photo together.
Sure - come
come on...
Happy new year!
Prosperity and good health to all!
I was like this...
The jet ski pinned me!
I can't push it up,
and can't move either.